I 'm recording the leader in the attack
immediate military service and got some
Things are making mess, it 's good, man.
with a team that I check in and earn
It's always there, look at everything with you, go to me.
give another video of the game freak as well
coming from the day of sale and today I'm here
with us we will make the challenge is who we are
more likely it is more likely that
delivered or was this body already
is jealous of gleisi this cast
it still has how this challenge tag works
we have a little written here
jack of jean and has some situations to
people are going to say that it is an unlikely
to do that which is here in the most
It's how I have you see people and if
killing or even being there first
situation is forgetting to turn off the stove
first because I do not cook cook
second song sorry in public here
you did not ask me if I would be law
do not do what you think you do nothing
no you make a good game said that
own joke
our role in the market to buy things
that you do not even have to ask a
Horse was crying with not sad movies
cry the 3d movie
in the same year on the river
which is always surprised whereas
companies and kalou is now you 88 and
Butter stalling for Monica is ok
in the countryside that was with the band does not stumble
something happens happens became famous
famosinho painter right people around the area
blue thing that is very normal to your
economy and stimulate people to
corner guard honey make drama
Also at this time since it is not
people fight is there you keep getting
angry with little things douglas moi
next is to survive the young
I was not even going to end up with a dead bandit.
I no longer know it 's a mushroom when she
won the bbb is a great poet dodó a
to win with this quality of his work
had painted with inanimate objects
about this shame that seek her
started screaming when my car
alone
hence the girl will pass the street and saw that
runs on f 1
the object until shouting 14 arrives late
so come on I'm looking for a
thing that will be opponents like talking
of this monastic life plan calls
old people cry in public I do not know
osama bin laden but it's something that will
of the transfer of capital
it's more likely that you cried a little
than I thought it did not take much leads
to marry for money he was jessica zee
rich is the company can forget the
important is not good to say forget it
Forget opponent is important to cut
neither do you guys these things here and me
Call home and stayed there in Parana and
after your login on the bank hit the book
that the victor victor stay at home leaves
tunnel does last previously here
at the wrong time can not waver in itself
so someone speaks something around the
take control in a situation like this
the last is to take care of the other when
sick
I found that I paid really sick not
will cut did not play in the fields people
You'll have to put him to talk.
It's still six o'clock today.
did you like subscribe to the
jec channel has no video but
signed up as they do today I go
record but the truth is that you can not even
function that she puts less
so the drawing and things of the flame type
antonio santos has had a contact with
invincible and I do everything the same in
subscription link thank you for the textile
sign on the channel of a judge you
Did you like to see us tomorrow?